docs(argo-cd): mention declarative set up for Argo-CD (#1037)
argoproj/argo-helm: charts/argo-cd/README.md

The default installation is intended to be similar to the provided ArgoCD [releases](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/releases).

> If you want to avoid including sensitive information in clear in your version control, make use of the [declarative set up](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/) of Argo CD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to avoid including sensitive information unencrypted (clear text) in your version control, make use of the [declarative set up](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/) of Argo CD.
```

> For instance, rather than adding repositories and their keys in your Helm values, you could deploy on the side [SealedSecrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets) with contents as seen in this [repositories section](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#repositories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, rather than adding repositories and their keys in your Helm values, you could deploy [SealedSecrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets) with contents as seen in this [repositories section](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#repositories) or any other secrets manager service (i.e. HashiCorp Vault, AWS/GCP Secrets Manager, etc.).
```
